you
the screen by it but monk is one of the
iconic paintings in world art he got
loose ideas in the end of the eighteen
eighties early 1890s and in 1893 he
painted the famous painting armed men
entered into the museum a sunday in
august two thousand four and they
threatened our guards with guns and just
tear the paintings down roughly from the
warps and run into a waiting car
an immediately after they broke the
frames off so quite a lot of the damage
is due to the breaking of the frame this
is most likely water that has made this
damage on the low side of the screen but
we didn't know it could have been
something else
well first of all was very very happy to
receive a painting back after two years
and then naturally there was there was
obvious that we have work to do you can
see for example those very sharp
scratches into the paint layer and a
cardboard
all the paintings we've is motif are on
cardboard and the pastels as well so we
we have quite a clear intention here and
paintings are not bad objects I mean
they do change with time normally on a
micro level in afterwards those changes
became visible but this is a painting
that is 100 years old so it is actually
an old piece
you